Improve client registration guidance (#49938)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/authentication/best-practices.md

To prevent these types of subtle issues or silent failures in production apps, replace `DefaultAzureCredential` with a specific `TokenCredential` implementation, such as `ManagedIdentityCredential`. See the [**Derived** list](/dotnet/api/azure.core.tokencredential?view=azure-dotnet&preserve-view=true#definition) for options.

> For example, consider the following configuration in an ASP.NET Core project. An instance of `DefaultAzureCredential` is implicitly created and used for all registered services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider the following configuration in an ASP.NET Core project. An instance of `DefaultAzureCredential` is implicitly created and used for all registered service clients:
```
